# 🪜 Placeholders

## Available placeholders

<table><thead><tr><th>Placeholder</th><th width="389.3333333333333">Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>%simpleclans_name%</td><td>Displays the clan members name, returns name.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clean_name%</td><td>Displays the clan members name in all Lowercase, returns name.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_muted%</td><td>Has the clan member muted the clan chat? Related to <code>/. mute</code>. Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_mutedally%</td><td>Has the clan member muted ally chat?<br>Related to <code>/ally mute</code>. Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_in_clan%</td><td>Is the player in a clan?<br>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_join_date%</td><td><p>Displays the date the clan member joined the clan.</p><p>Returns <code>Month</code>, <code>Day</code>, <code>Year</code>, <code>Hour</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_lastseen%</td><td>Displays when a clan member was last logged into server<br>Returns <code>Month</code>, <code>Day</code>, <code>Year</code>, <code>Hour</code>, or if active returns <code>Online</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_lastseendays%</td><td>Displays when a clan member was last logged into server, returns number or Today if active the same day.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_inactive_days%</td><td>Displays how many days a clan member has not been active, returns number</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_member%</td><td>Is the clan member a standard member of the clan?<br>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_trusted%</td><td>Is this clan member a trusted member of the clan? <br>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_leader%</td><td><p>Is the clan member the leader of the clan?</p><p>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_invite_enabled%</td><td>Is the clan member can be invited to other clans? <br>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_rank%</td><td>Displays the clan members current Rank, returns name of the rank.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_has_rank%</td><td>Does the clan member have any rank? <br>Returns: <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_rank_displayname%</td><td>Displays the clan members current Rank displayname, related to /clan rank setdisplayname, returns custom display name of the rank</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_neutral_kills%</td><td>Total kills of players in clans that are not a ally or rival clan, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_rival_kills%</td><td>Total kills of players that are in a Rival clan, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_civilian_kills%</td><td>Total kills of players that are not in a clan, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_ally_kills%</td><td>Total kills of players that are in a allied clan, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_total_kills%</td><td>Total kills in all, civilians, rivals, allies and neutrals, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_weighted_kills%</td><td>Displays the clan members weighted kill points, this is based off set points for each type of kill, see Config for settings, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_deaths%</td><td>Total times the clan member has died, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_kdr%</td><td>Kill Death Ratio, the balance between clan members Kills and Deaths, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_bb_enabled%</td><td><p>Bulletin board toggle.</p><p>Related to <code>/clan toggle</code> command.</p><p>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_tag_enabled%</td><td><p>Clan tag toggle.</p><p>Related to <code>/clan toggle</code> command.</p><p>Returns `yes` or <code>no</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_is_friendlyfire_on%</td><td><p>Has the clan member got Friendly Fire Enabled. Related to <code>/clan ff</code>.</p><p>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_tag%</td><td>Returns the clans Tag in lowercase and unformatted.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_tag_label%</td><td>Returns the clan Tag with correct mayus, color and at the end &#x26;c relates to /clan modtag</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clanchat_player_color%</td><td><p>Gives other plugins <strong>Clan</strong> chat colors as set in config.</p><p>Returns &#x26;c format<br>Link: <a data-mention href="../how-to-setup/configuration.md#clan-chat">#clan-chat</a></p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_allychat_player_color%</td><td><p>Gives other plugins <strong>Ally</strong> chat colors as set in config.</p><p>Returns &#x26;c format<br>Link: <a data-mention href="../how-to-setup/configuration.md#ally-chat">#ally-chat</a></p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_total_neutral%</td><td>Total kills of players in clans that are not a ally or rival clan, by all clan members, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_total_civilian%</td><td>Total kills of players that are not in a clan, by all clan members, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_total_rival%</td><td>Total kills of players that are in a Rival clan, by all clan members, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_total_ally%</td><td>Total kills of players that are in a Allied clan, by all clan members, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_total_kills%</td><td>Total kills in all, civilians, rivals, allies and neutrals, by all clan members, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_total_deaths%</td><td>Total times all clan members have died, combined, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_total_kdr%</td><td>Kill Death Ratio, the balance between clan members Kills and Deaths, combined, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_average_wk%</td><td>Displays the clan members weighted kill points, this is based off set points for each type of kill, combined, see Config for settings, returns number.<br>Link: <a data-mention href="../how-to-setup/configuration.md#kill-weights">#kill-weights</a></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_leader_size%</td><td>Displays how many leaders the clan has, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_balance%</td><td>Displays the current balance of the clan using the economy system, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_balance_formatted%</td><td>Displays the formatted by economy plugin clan's balance </td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_allow_withdraw%</td><td><p>Can clan members withdraw currency from the clan bank.</p><p>Related to ranks.</p><p>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.<br>Link: <a data-mention href="../commands-and-permissions/ranks-with-permissions.md">ranks-with-permissions.md</a></p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_allow_deposit%</td><td><p>Can clan members deposit currency from the clan bank.</p><p>Related to ranks.</p><p>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.<br>Link: <a data-mention href="../commands-and-permissions/ranks-with-permissions.md">ranks-with-permissions.md</a></p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_size%</td><td>Displays the amount of current clan members in the clan, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_name%</td><td>Displays the clan name, returns name.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_color_tag%</td><td>Returns the clan Tag with correct mayus, color and at the end &#x26;c relates to /clan modtag</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_tag%</td><td>Returns the clans Tag in lowercase and unformatted.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_founded%</td><td><p>Displays the date the clan was created.</p><p>Related to <code>settings.date-time-pattern</code> config option.</p><p>Returns <code>Month</code>, <code>Day</code>, <code>Year</code>, <code>Hour</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_friendly_fire%</td><td>Has the clan member got Friendly Fire Enabled, relates to /clan globalff, returns yes/no.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_is_unrivable%</td><td><p>Displays if the clan can be rivalled, </p><p>Related to <code>settings.unrivable-clans</code> config option.<br>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.<br>Link: <a data-mention href="../how-to-setup/configuration.md#general-settings">#general-settings</a></p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_is_anyonline%</td><td><p>Displays if any members of the clan are online.</p><p>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.</p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_is_verified%</td><td><p>Displays if the clan has Verified Status.</p><p>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.<br>Link: <a data-mention href="../commands-and-permissions/verified-clan.md">verified-clan.md</a></p></td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_inactivedays%</td><td>Displays how many days no clan members have been active, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_onlinemembers_count%</td><td>Displays how many clan members are currently online, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_allies_count%</td><td>Displays how many other clans the clan is allied with, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_rivals_count%</td><td>Displays how many other clans the clan is rivalled with, returns number.</td></tr><tr><td>%simpleclans_clan_is_permanent%</td><td><p>Displays if the clan is permanent and protected from auto delete.</p><p>Returns <code>yes</code> or <code>no</code>.<br>Link: <a data-mention href="../commands-and-permissions/permanent-clan.md">permanent-clan.md</a></p></td></tr></tbody></table>

#### Top Clans Placeholders

The top clans is a group of placeholders that helps you create leaderboards.\
You can put `_topclans_#_` in any existing clan placeholder to get the value for the clan in a specific rank position.\
Ex.:\
`%simpleclans_topclans_1_clan_name%` - this will return the name of the Clan in the first position.

#### Top Players Placeholders

This one is another group of placeholders to create leaderboards. As the name suggests, it's about players and not clans, but they work similarly.\
Adding `_topplayers_#_` to existing player placeholders will get the value for the Player in the specified rank.\
Ex.:\
`%simpleclans_topplayers_2_tag_label%` - this will return the tag label for the Player in the second position.

#### Relational placeholders

Relational placeholders return values based on the relation between 2 players. One example is the tab, there is the player viewing it and the players listed there\
Currently the only relational placeholder available on SimpleClans is: `%rel_simpleclans_color%`\
This returns a color based on rivalries/alliances.\
Allies: aqua\
Rivals: red\
Same clan: green

The colors above can be changed in PlaceholderAPI's config.

**Example**

`belowname-objective:`

`enabled: true`

`clan: "%rel_simpleclans_color%%simpleclans_tag%"`

This will add the clans tag below the players name, to members of your clan the tag will show green, to members of allied clans the tag will show aqua, to members of rivalled clans tag will show red, same for when your clan members see allies and rivals.

#### HolographicDisplays

If you intend to use these placeholders with HolographicDisplays, remember to [download ](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/18461/)the extension.
